information on the state.
Right at their cost.
Senate has an answer for this.
Yes, two-five, four.
People are thrilled with the supply of oil and assistance
contributions by the federal government.
All you need to do is mention the number of the bill.
Yes, two-five, four, four.
Yes, there will be opposition to this measure.
There will be opposition from the wealthier states.
There will be opposition from the big interests.
There will even be opposition from centers of citizens
in the states.
This bill will help them up.
As soon as the key borrowers been working on this matter a long time,
he filed a bill while he was in the House of Representatives
to accomplish the same purpose.
He testified for it in work for it before the House Ways and Means
committed.
His average of already resulted in securing summaries.
But the basic change has not yet been made.
His bill also lowers the assistance age from 65 to 60 years
and eliminates some of the stringent property ownership provisions.
Regardless of the prospect of opposition, regardless of the time it takes to do the job.
Remember always, this is your government.
It is public opinion which shapes to a great extent the votes of your congressmen and senators.
If the people want this measure passed, the people can have it passed.
When the people speak and speak loudly enough, those in government, listen.
Having heard and understood, they act accordingly.
Mr. Justice Wiley Rutledge of the United States Supreme Court is dead.
He attended Merrill College in Merrill, Tennessee.
He was a scholar, the last appointee of the late President Roosevelt,
the highest court in our land.
His net made it responsible to your President Trillin,
to name his second appointee to the Supreme Court in 60 days.
To talk around your nation's capital, who was in the direction of Attorney General Jay Howard Mugraff,
a Catholic for this position.
With Mr. Trillin's top adviser, Clark Clifford,
rumored as the next Attorney General of the United States.
It is customary for one justice of the High Court to be a Catholic faith.
But the newspapers and commentators urged the President Trillin disregard religion, politics, and all else,
and appoint the new justice purely on the basis of qualifications as a jurist.
The apartment the President announced Thursday at noon was a complete surprise.
He named former Senator Sherman Minton of Indiana, a Protestant,
and a member of the 7th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals.
Judge Minton entered the Senate on the same day the President Trillin did.
They're still personal friends.
He was a former administrative assistant to the late President Franklin D. Roosevelt,
and was and is and ordered supporter of the Roosevelt Provincial.
His apartment will be considered by the President Judiciary Committee of which Senator Kefawvers now member.
The cause he served with some 30 President members of the Senate has a good judicial record.
His confirmation by the Senate is expected here as a matter of course.
Well, Pageant Magazine and its October issue, probably she's the results of a poll.
Not a Gallup poll, of course, but a poll of 211 newspaper cards funded here in Washington
who see these senators as we see them.
These newsmen and radio newscasters were asked to select the best senators and the worst senators.
Now, what these newshawks think about it doesn't necessarily make it so,
but these men are in a position to know from observation, just as you would know about the members of the City Council in your hometown.
So, for whatever it may be worth, here are their selections.
The best senator according to these correspondents is Senator Robert H. Tamp, the little high Republican.
The worst the majority said is his colleague, Mulhaugh, Senator John Brecker.
The top Democratic senator in their opinion, the Senator Paul H. Douglas, the freshman senator from Illinois,
they thought that he ranked third best trailing senators Taft and Van Inberg.
The ninth best, the 211 Washington reporters thought, by Senator H. Tamp, the keeper of Tennessee.
He and Senator Walter George of Georgia were the only southerners among the first ten names.
On the other side of the ledger, Senator Tamp was 12 on the list of the worst senators.
So, we in your senator's office here still at a loss as to what Senator T. Farber is considered one of the best,
or one of the worst senators in Washington.
One of the reporters declined to pick the worst senator.
The reason? Too much competition, he said.
Third tonight, the Senate extended the Receptical Trade Agreement's program.
Now, this is the legislation originally conceived by Tennessee's own Cardell Hall,
which we described in some detail on the last broadcast.
The final vote was better than 3-1.
The important vote was on the Milliken Parallel Point Amendment, which we also detailed last week.
The vote on this amendment was along party lines, and the amendment was defeated by five votes.
43-38, with only three Democrats recorded as voting against the amendment.
Voting for the amendment.
And so the whole trade program has continued for three more years without any crippling amendment.
In fact, the crippling Parallel Point Amendment written into the law by the Republican-Aid Congress is now eliminated.
The test for the new Republican-Couple of the Constitution.
Your senator's office was advised Thursday that the housing authority of the city of Kingsport has been assigned 225 units of low-ranked public housing.
This is only its initial share.
The public housing administrator included these 225 units for Kingsport as a part of the national total of 810,000 units,
of low-ranked public housing to be constructed during the next two years.
100 of these houses will be built in the next 12 months.
The remaining 125 will be completed within 24 months.
In addition, the Kingsport housing authority has requested a preliminary loan of $77,500 to be used for planning the project.
But this loan must be approved by the president.
All Washington watched the strike situation with keen interest just past weeks.
The Zora Pacific Railroad is in the throes of a standstill strike, and strikes in the steel and coal industries are being predicted.
It appeared for a brief while in the past week.
The big news would be the settlement of the differences between labor and management in the steel industry.
The president's backfinding board recommended no fourth-round wage of increases for labor at this time,
but the steel industry with huge profits can well afford to contribute an extra 10 cents an hour to pension and insurance funds for its employees.
So the immediate reaction was that the differences in the steel industry would be settled without either a wage increase or a strike.
By weeks and, however, it appeared that not a settlement, but only a truth has been reached.
Here are a few things we should bear in mind about the strike situation.
In the first place, there is nothing compulsory about the findings of the fact-finding board.
It recommended that the union and the steel corporations work out the details of the pension plan by collective bargaining.
As the board's findings are not binding on either side, more than the details can be gone into.
At the moment this transcription is made, the union is insisting on adoption of the board's full recommendations.
While the companies indicate they will risk a strike before agreeing to a pension plan to which the employees contribute nothing.
With labor legislation as the next order of business in the Senate following the arms implementation debate,
you may rest assured that many Washington eyes and ears will be opened to what transpires in the war of nerves between labor and management in the steel industry.
Finally, we come to this problem test.
The statement time about the make are my own and should not be accepted as the views of Senator Keith Farber.
But in my own opinion, the government of the United States may be breaking faith with its veterans by recent rulings of the Veterans Administration.
Back while many of us were still in uniform, the Congress and its acted into law the so-called GI Bill of Rights.
The Senate and the Senate to Keith Farber was one of the original sponsors of that legislation in the House.
The GI Bill included educational privileges for veterans who could qualify.
Several million veterans still have credit due to them because they have used none or only a part of the educational benefits to which the Congress said they are entitled,
because of their duty in the arms services of the United States.
But beginning November 1st, the Veterans Administrator has ruled that any veterans who apply us for school or college work or who wishes to change his course of study must get a new certificate of eligibility from the Veterans Administration.
And here's the bad part.
Once that veteran must show to the satisfaction of the Veterans Administration that this course of study is essential to his employment.
What about the veteran who has no job and no prospects of one because he lacks the training? You tell me.
What about the veteran who has completed enough training to get a job?
Who would like to go on and use his benefits for a master's degree or a doctorate in philosophy? You tell me.
There may be such reasons for the VA, there may be some reason for the VA to get tough with veterans.
That have been complaints that some veterans are taking insignificant or even useless courses. The VA has approved courses for ballroom dancing, bartending, and even babysitting.
Certainly there is some way that the Veterans Administration can stop these recreational uses of a wonderful worthwhile program without crippling the whole program.
It is admitted that new trade and vocational schools have had mushroomed up all over the country to take care of veterans who want to learn some new trade.
But it is also true that most if not all these schools have maximum enrollments. It is reasonable to assume that many veterans would not have attended the school if it had not been within the reasonable distance of his home and perhaps family.
Now the Veterans Administration Veterans who are not enrolled in such schools, which have been operating less than a year, may not do so until that school has operated a year.
The length of a Veterans course of study is determined by the length of his service to his country. What better yardstick could be applied?
I am all for the VA exercising a little more care and approving school for veterans training. But the least amount of regimentation and federal control the veteran must earn to go once the school has been approved better.
I know of one instance where a new trade school was already to open in an area where no other Veterans training was available in a radius of over 300 miles.
Long leases had been obtained on excellent buildings and training equipment had been installed. Over 500 veterans had applied for the trade. But the school cannot open to train these veterans just because it was not open a year ago.
That may be right, but at this juncture, I for one at least can't see it. Can it be that the memory of the American people is so short?
These boys and girls who are now men and women gave a great deal for the love of their country. They could conceivably have given their all. Whatever we can do for them within reason is not too much. It probably isn't even enough.
Let's hope that the Veterans Administration will tighten up its requirements, but not tighten the veterans' belts so tightly that he has smothered the bars and joined the benefits of the GI Bill of Rights, fast for him while he was in uniform and is concerned.
Senator T. Keapover has one bill pending, which will remove this one year requirement for training and trade schools. As one of his constituents, I expect to urge him to support even more directive legislation to correct these situations I have mentioned.
Until next week, over this station at the same period, that's all from your Senator's office in Washington. Charlie Nees substituting for Senator S. T. Keapover, saying goodbye for now.
Thank you.